---
title: Blog Post 2
layout: post
author: benjamin.sommer
permalink: /blog-post-2/
source-id: 1WyCxTqx45jP5GIE3Qek-MIfKbJ6vacPmWS3fgi1QunE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning Basic scratch code to move a sprite</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To make a sprite move by using keyboard controls.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To extend my learning by adding a pen into the code so it could be used as a drawing tool.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I exceeded my target and not only did i make a drawing tool, i added customizable colour, size and speed.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by debugging my code to find the problem rather than just giving up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned how i could improve my game and then i acted on my answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I showed independence by looking for a solution rather than just asking for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on my work to look for anything to improve on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the task at hand and completed it swiftly, but accurately with enthusiasm.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have changed the backdrop and spiced up the block by decorating them. I could have challenged myself more and add more advanced sensory so i could avoid and detect bugs more efficiently. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i can challenge myself more or ask my peers for challenges as well. Also i could concentrate more on making the code more efficient and look tidier.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


