---
title: Starting Space Invaders
layout: post
author: benjamin.sommer
permalink: /blog-post-3/
source-id: 1acUx3kdXZkj-Cr0FYawxG85PYhWgxtdkfdeXQd1Wfb0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting Space Invaders</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have a lot of experience in this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create a controllable sprite and make it shoot as well as making an Alien Boss.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I only met part of my target as the time we had in the lesson but the Alien Boss was completed at home.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by figuring out how to make a randomized sprite move in a randomized direction at a randomized speed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned how i could improve the look of my game so I added a starry backdrop.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I showed independence when i finished the task and i gave myself the challenge of making an enemy before we were told how to do so.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on my learning by seeing if i needed to research some areas of html so i could enhance my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the task at hand and my concentration led to me finishing early.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have asked for a challenge rather than just doing something which i had done before. I could have attempted to make Alien Clones which would increase the difficulty if the level.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i could ask for a challenge and if i don't, then I can think of a productive use for my extra learning time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


## See that latest version @     <a href="https://comput3rz.github.io/scratch_projects/">Scratch Projects</a>

