---
title: Getting feedback on our identity maps
layout: post
author: benjamin.sommer
permalink: /blog-post-26/
source-id: 1UykdILX8A8TxdvjbJ474y-2iWuoUncR4oi0nGZ3V1IM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Getting feedback on our identity maps</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>An identity map completed as homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To gather feedback on my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I had many comments on the homework.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered when I had to understand what some of the comments meant as some were written in informal dialect.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned whether I should agree with what everyone else had said or to write something different.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I came up with comments on my own.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on whether I could have written more lengthy comments.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the task and commented on everybody's work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have been more organised about the order that I commented on people's work as I was unsure about where I was meant to go next.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will pay more attention to the instructions for the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Comments</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think you did well overall but you could have included more info on each topic/subheading

I like your pictures and how you have laid it all out.

I didn't know you were half German???

You have many fascinating facts about yourself

Very well presented and a lot of facts 

Vey well spaced out and clearly shown what each section is about, Good amount of writing as well!

I like how you explained your nationality with half and half picture of the two flags.

I like your section called future use of media

I like your set out and the pictures in your frames.

Try to include more writing but overall a good bit of homework.

You have presented this very neatly. Whatsapp is a good choice of social media.

I wish I had whatsapp.

Extremely neat and tidy, as well as the fact that you have used colour. Maybe try to include a bit more detail.

Good pictures and amount of writing

There are some good facts here. I like the way it is presented

Wheres all of the code talk?????? Otherwise great poster. I like the way you separate the subjects. 

Very clear, good drawings good content, great 

I like the identity flag and the short pics and text. Could include a bit more overall though but good otherwise.

Are you going to use linkedin to help you?

The pictures look good and there are good facts.

Good info and many different points. Really good flag.

Good flags

Nice layout, good info, nice pics

Good drawings and colouring

Good drawings, needs more sentences.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


