---
title: Starting Google Blocks
layout: post
author: benjamin.sommer
permalink: /blog-post-15/
source-id: 1bGNkGEe02I_S_xZbmIMuz_Jw7ohD76vyF3zoySqk1to
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting Google Blocks</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Some knowledge of google blocks and a fair amount of knowledge of JavaScript</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve my knowledge of JavaScript and compare and contrast it to other languages such as Python which I am very familiar with.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I did improve my knowledge of JS as much as I would have liked to.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to persevere when I, as well as many of my peers, got stuck on Question 10. I kept on trying different approaches until I eventually found a solution.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned if it was worth working so hard on one question, or whether I should continue with another section.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I showed Independence by not asking for help and sticking to the task by myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on the lesson and I was pleased that I completed Question 10.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the task and did not get distracted by others.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have found a solution to Question 10 a bit more efficiently; instead of just guessing, I could have thought things through more.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to use some prior knowledge to increase my performance in class.


</td>
  </tr>
</table>


